= Overview

Discover most advanced features of Slurm-web.

== Dashboard

Slurm-web includes a dashboard with high-level metrics to get quick insight of
HPC clusters status and operation:

image::screenshot_dashboard_tablet.png[width=80%]

== Multi-Clusters

Slurm-web can be deployed on a central server to monitor all HPC clusters in
your organization from a unique interface.

image::slurm-web_multi-clusters.png[width=600]

From anywhere in the interface, you can jump to another cluster and easily
compare there statuses:

image::screenshot_cluster_change.png[width=600]

== Jobs filters and sorting

Jobs queue can be filtered by many criteria (job state, user, account, QOS,
partition) and sorted by priority, ID, state, user, etc…

image::screenshot_jobs_filters.png[width=80%]

Filters can be applied and removed instantly with just a few clicks. It becomes
really trivial to observe specific job flows and better understand Slurm
scheduling.

== Live Jobs Status

Slurm-web gives the possibility to track specific jobs during their lifetime
with live updates:

image::screenshot_job_status.png[]

Watch your jobs running with visual representation of their progress.

[#nodes-status]
== Nodes Status

Live status of the compute nodes is displayed in a graphical representation of
the racks. Just move the mouse pointer over a specific node to get all details:

image::screenshot_nodes_hovering.png[]

Filters can be applied to quickly figure out nodes out of production:

image::screenshot_nodes_issues.png[]

The cluster status can be displayed in fullscreen to get constant overview of
its health and activity.

image::slurm-web_nodes_fullscreen.png[with=500px]

== Advanced Reservations

Resources can be pre-allocated for a particular usage in Slurm with *advanced
reservations*. Slurm-web displays these reservations with their resources,
duration, authorized users and accounts:

image::screenshot_reservations.png[width=80%]

== QOS

Slurm supports *QOS* with many features and plenty of parameters. Slurm-web
displays the defined QOS in a synthetic way:

image::screenshot_qos.png[width=80%]

It becomes easy to spot differences between QOS and change limits to adjust the
scheduling policy. The user interface includes built-in help messages to easily
understand involved limits:

image::slurm-web_integrated_help.png[]

== Reactive

Slurm-web interface is continuously updated in near real-time with fresh data
fetched from clusters. Tables and diagrams are updated atomically with latest
changes. You never need to reload pages.

== Responsive

Slurm-web interface is designed to be accessible on all devices, from
smartphones to largest desktop screens.

image::slurm-web_responsive.png[width=80%]

== Enterprise Authentication

Slurm-web supports users authentication with enterprise LDAP directory (FreeIPA,
Active Directory, OpenLDAP, etc…).

image::screenshot_auth.png[width=80%]

Access can be restricted to specific groups of users. Both legacy NIS and RFC
2307 bis schemas are fully supported.

== Advanced RBAC Permissions

Administrators can define advanced authorization policy based on roles (RBAC)
and LDAP groups to control all users permissions in Slurm-web.

image::screenshot_rbac.png[width=80%]

[sidebar]
--
.More links
* xref:conf:policy.adoc[Authorization Policy reference documentation]
--

[#cache]
== Transparent Caching

Slurm-web can use Redis in-memory database to cache Slurm status, in order to
maximize performances and significantly reduce load on Slurm scheduler.

image::slurm-web_transparent_cache.png[]

Users are able to track jobs list in near real-time very efficiently. Finally
drop the load generated by infinite loops of `squeue`!
